

# 🧠 Teach Mate AI - an intelligent quiz-generation app built with React Native and powered by Google Gemini API.

> **Note**: Make sure you have completed the [Set Up Your Environment](https://reactnative.dev/docs/set-up-your-environment) guide before proceeding.

## Setup 
## Step 1: Install Dependencies


```sh
npm install

```

## Step 2: Build and run your app

With Metro running, open a new terminal window/pane from the root of your React Native project, and use one of the following commands to build and run your Android or iOS app:

### Android

```sh

npm run android

```

### iOS

For iOS, remember to install CocoaPods dependencies (this only needs to be run on first clone or after updating native deps).

The first time you create a new project, run the Ruby bundler to install CocoaPods itself:

```sh
bundle install
```

Then, and every time you update your native dependencies, run:

```sh
bundle exec pod install
```

For more information, please visit [CocoaPods Getting Started guide](https://guides.cocoapods.org/using/getting-started.html).

```sh

npm run ios

```

If everything is set up correctly, you should see your new app running in the Android Emulator, iOS Simulator, or your connected device.

This is one way to run your app — you can also build it directly from Android Studio or Xcode.

## 🚀 Features
✨ AI-Powered Quiz Generation – Enter any topic and get instant MCQs generated by Gemini API.

🧩 Customizable Difficulty – Choose between easy, medium, or hard levels.

📱 Cross-Platform App – Built with React Native, works seamlessly on Android and iOS.

💡 Instant Feedback – Know the correct answers and explanations immediately.

🔒 Lightweight & Secure – Data processed securely through Google AI API.
